doc: split files doc into smaller documents (#9904)
ocaml/dune: doc/advanced/package-version.rst

.. TODO(diataxis)
   - reference: environment - packages

Dune determines a package's version by looking at the ``version`` field in the
:doc:`/reference/files/dune-project/package`. If the version field isn't set,

> it looks at the toplevel ``version`` field in the ``dune-project`` field. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it looks at the top level ``version`` field in the ``dune-project`` field. If
```
"top level" if it's the top of a file (which I think you mean here) and "toplevel" when talking about UTop, etc.
